hello how are we in arrears and that's how it is
and good today we are going to talk a bit about body paint and find
us the plastic artist and designer darcis santos girón efe el
been also
the veracruzana university and good for us are a bit of history of the
united in this sense tomorrow awaits the body fender the cereals of the
man I already have dependents of the first expressions
the human being
comes from the caveman
humanity was costing a way to go
to be able to identify if he should express that by entity before his peers
with the age
of shapes and colors that extracted d
of some
and natural clients about cinema
born in the area of ​​the tunnels that were confiscated use for him
for what would be the expression
through
of drawings in the port
I have different is expression of identity is an ephemeral tattoo
and he was used to represent different concepts there
different body types we understand what would be the body that separates me
I wanted art with him
with the medium we also have what is body paint with social themes
no animals or today to more elaborate voice concepts like what would be
and work on something
fixed concept a festival was already paid or
ovalle really with the body paint you can do
anything is not play
the one with the forms of the human body
remove the barrier d
locke of how we already know the human body
give it a new meaning by means of the first painting that needs to be done is
plant a bit of your work
is what you are going to do now with the model
Well, thanks to you who gave me the freedom to
foreign power
I decided to do what would be the angel of death
then we will analyze with
with the company
let's make a bone
half body
the aggregators ayd
production for
greater emphasis and sense binds something different
so let's hope it's in my hands and I'm looking forward to doing it and and
Well, I would like to share with all of you, thank you very much.
be watching the processes
of how you decide to apply
the paintings on the
which we are not going to see what happens is already very excited about the I want to know
the result
see for yourselves
and tomorrow towards the mouth
the techniques you use to
apply the paint what kind of paint is a special good then there
different forms of prosecution
in the paintings you use is the final finish
for example catches of stylized Cáceres that are pills
watercolor
who are patients is the different state is a German brand that is
hypoallergenic recently from castilla cnt
the mochis inter
James
it has not been anything
there will not be
cupcake union
i
but it's not all
by
nora
then
but